README.md, before:

# Social-Network-API

## License
Open Database License (ODbL)
[![License: ODbL](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ODbL-brightgreen.svg)](https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/)

## Description: 
With Social-Network-API, users can be created.  Thoughts and Reactions are associated to the users.  All users, thoughts and reactions are store in mongodb.  

### Contents
1.  [Installation](#installation)
2.  [Usage](#usage)
3.  [Contributing](#contributing)
4.  [Tests](#tests)
5.  [Users-CRUD-operation](#users-crud-operation)
6.  [Thoughts-CRUDD-operation](#thoughts-crud-operation)
7.  [Reactions-operation](#reactions-operation)
8.  [Friends-Operation](#friends-operation)

## Installation:  
To run the Social-Network-API run npm install, mongoose and express.

## Usage:
Social-Network-API uses mongodb.  To create users, thoughts and reactions use Insomnia.

## Contributing:
none

## Tests:
To run this project, type "npm start" at the command prompt (quotation marks are not required).  This will connect to localhost:3001.  Use Insomnia to test CRUD operations for users.  All thoughts can be collected, created and deleted.  Reactions to thoughts can be created and deleted. 

## Users-CRUD-operation  
  
Click on the image/link below for a video reference on users CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) operations.  
  
[![User CRUD OPERATION](https://pacificequitygroup.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/video-player-placeholder-768x356.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FdzPXaXkMBs9BLpsemO_UiBZvsuWLUj3/preview)

## Thoughts-CRUD-operation  
  
Click on the image/link below for a video reference on thoughts CRUD operations.  
  
[![User CRUD OPERATION](https://pacificequitygroup.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/video-player-placeholder-768x356.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZXZQOdwBfuajgxuBoRuXmThSZZKfOqoj/preview)

## Reactions-operation  
  
Click on the image/link below for a video reference on creating and deleting a reaction to a thought.  
  
  
## Friends-operation



## Questions:
Github profile:[TCYang1006](https://github.com/TCYang1006)
If there are any additional questions about this project, please contact me at [Tcknyaj@gmail.com](Tcknyaj@gmail.com)

Commit message:

adding and removing a friend from a user

README.md, after:

# Social-Network-API

## License
Open Database License (ODbL)
[![License: ODbL](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ODbL-brightgreen.svg)](https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/)

## Description: 
With Social-Network-API, users can be created.  Thoughts and Reactions are associated to the users.  All users, thoughts and reactions are store in mongodb.  

### Contents
1.  [Installation](#installation)
2.  [Usage](#usage)
3.  [Contributing](#contributing)
4.  [Tests](#tests)
5.  [Users-CRUD-operation](#users-crud-operation)
6.  [Thoughts-CRUDD-operation](#thoughts-crud-operation)
7.  [Reactions-operation](#reactions-operation)
8.  [Friends-Operation](#friends-operation)

## Installation:  
To run the Social-Network-API run npm install, mongoose and express.

## Usage:
Social-Network-API uses mongodb.  To create users, thoughts and reactions use Insomnia.

## Contributing:
none

## Tests:
To run this project, type "npm start" at the command prompt (quotation marks are not required).  This will connect to localhost:3001.  Use Insomnia to test CRUD operations for users.  All thoughts can be collected, created and deleted.  Reactions to thoughts can be created and deleted. 

## Users-CRUD-operation  
  
Click on the image/link below for a video reference on users CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) operations.  
  
[![User CRUD OPERATION](https://pacificequitygroup.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/video-player-placeholder-768x356.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FdzPXaXkMBs9BLpsemO_UiBZvsuWLUj3/preview)

## Thoughts-CRUD-operation  
  
Click on the image/link below for a video reference on thoughts CRUD operations.  
  
[![User CRUD OPERATION](https://pacificequitygroup.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/video-player-placeholder-768x356.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZXZQOdwBfuajgxuBoRuXmThSZZKfOqoj/preview)

## Reactions-operation  
  
Click on the image/link below for a video reference on creating and deleting a reaction to a thought.  
  
  
## Friends-operation  
  
Click on the image/link below for a video reference on adding and deleting a friend to a user.  
  
[![User CRUD OPERATION](https://pacificequitygroup.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/video-player-placeholder-768x356.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KZDsFYwnIkQwdP9-ZKcr7V2IgxZkNwNf/preview)
  
## Questions:
Github profile:[TCYang1006](https://github.com/TCYang1006)
If there are any additional questions about this project, please contact me at [Tcknyaj@gmail.com](Tcknyaj@gmail.com)
